Update Node.js README file (#6664)
pantsbuild/pants: contrib/node/README.md

# Plugin to support JavaScript and Node.js

This is a plugin to integrate Node.js with Pants.

# Targets

Node.js targets in pants are designed to work with existing Node.js package management tools. A node_module target will work with a package.json
source file in the same directory, combining the BUILD dependencies with the additional fields from the source package.json to form the complete

> package.json used for tasks on the target.

Reviewer: I found this paragraph a little confusing to follow. I took a crack at rewording it. What do you think?

```
Node.js targets in Pants are designed to work with existing Node.js package management tools and
their configuration files. The node_module target type uses a package.json file in the same
directory as its definition. It combines dependencies declared on the target in the BUILD
file with the original package.json to form a complete package.json that can be used to run tasks
on the target through Pants.
```

> `node_module`: A node module target.

Reviewer 2: Markdown will not render these as a list unless you prefix them with either bullets or numbers (they get mashed into a single paragraph).

Reviewer 2: If you preview the docsite, or use the github-builtin markdown viewer (https://github.com/pantsbuild/pants/blob/981d66ff4114d8a1f2da74423db35ef936355a7d/contrib/node/README.md), you can check out how this render.

`node_preinstalled_module`: A prebuilt node_module that will be downloaded during resolve step.
`node_bundle`: A bundle of node modules.
`node_remote_module`: Remote third party module. [Not recommended, instead specify dependencies in package.json with lock file]
`node_test`: Run Javascript tests defined in package.json.

# Functionality

> There is limited support for `lint` and `fmt` that leverage the use of `eslint`. `eslint` global rules will need to be configured by the repo owner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is limited support for linting and formatting using the `lint` and `fmt` goals, which use `eslint`. `eslint` global rules will need to be configured by the repo owner
```

> and currently does not support target-level rule overrides.

Reviewer 2: s/does/do/

## Source level dependencies

> Source-level dependencies is currently supported within the `yarn` package manager. To specify a target-level dependency on

Reviewer 2: s/is currently/are currently/

1. Specify the local dependency using the `file:` specifier following npm rules within the `package.json` with relative path
to the target dependency

2. The dependent target must have a valid target definition and package.json with the same package name as specified in the `file:` dependency

3. In the BUILD definition, the node_module target must also specify the fully qualified pants target address for each `file:` dependency.
(In the future, with dep inference, this step may no longer be necessary).

See the examples directory for real examples.

## Bootstrapping

Pants will bootstrap itself with its own copy of Node.js, NPM, and Yarn package manager and use them to run commands.
It runs those commands with the bootstrapped Node's bin directory at the front of the PATH.

Distribution versions can be modified in `pants.ini`.

## Package Management

There are two supported package management tools: NPM and Yarn. You can specify which package manager is used to `install`
your dependencies in your BUILD target definition.

NPM 5.0+ and Yarn both support locking dependencies to specific versions through the `package-lock.json` and `yarn.lock` files respectively.

> To ensure determinism and reproducibility within Pants, these files should be checked into your repository and included in the the target definition.

Reviewer 2: s/the the/the/

> To ensure determinism and reproducibility within Pants, these files should be checked into your repository and included in the the target definition.

Reviewer: I think it'd also be good to refer to the kwarg the lock file should be attached to. Maybe `included in the target definition's sources argument` or something.

## Resolve

Pants can install Node modules into the .pants.d working directory with

> 	`./pants resolve [target]`

Reviewer 2: Thank you for cleaning this section up... but I wonder whether you shouldn't fully replace the suggestion to run `resolve` with a suggestion to run `node-install`? I can't think of a reason to manually run `resolve`: folks would probably want to run `test` instead?

You can resolve all types of node_module targets. Pants effectively walks forward from
the edges of the dependency tree topological sort for a target and does an "install"
for each target it encounters along the way. node_module targets have their sources copied into
place under the working directory. node_remote_module dependencies are installed from the
remote source, and node_module dependencies are installed via paths to previously-installed targets
under the working directory. Targets resolved into the .pants.d directory using the yarn package manager
will use the `--frozen-lockfile` parameter and will deterministically install your dependencies.

> Pants can install Node modules into the source definition directory with

Reviewer 2: Would expand this section.

	`./pants node-install [target]`

## REPL

"./pants repl [target]" lets you run Node in REPL mode from the resolved target's path under the
working directory.

> REPL is only working with npm package manager.

Reviewer 2: s/is only working/only works/

  containing its own test file
* A web project using React, built with the web build tool, depending on the server project and
  button component, and containing its own test file
* A yarn workspace project using source-level dependencies in two ways. (Workspaces and pants).
  Source-level dependencies does not need Yarn Workspaces.

> Resolving the server project produces a dist directory with code transpiled by Babel, in addition

Reviewer 2: You could maybe move these trailing paragraphs into nested bullets?
